`Hds::Icon` Documentation Updates (#2221)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/icon/partials/code/how-to-use.md

## How to use this component

The most basic invocation of the Icon component requires only the `@name` property to be passed with a value matching an existing name in [the Icon library](/icons/library):

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="alert-circle" />
```

It renders to this (where the `id` will be unique each time):

```markup

> <svg
>     id="icon-ember115"
>     class="hds-icon icon-alert-circle"
>     width="16"
>     height="16"
>     viewBox="0 0 16 16"
>     xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
>     fill="currentColor"
>     aria-hidden="true"
>     data-test-icon="alert-circle"
> >
>     <use href="/@hashicorp/flight-icons/icons/sprite.svg#alert-circle-16"></use>
> </svg>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<svg
  id="icon-ember115"
  class="hds-icon icon-alert-circle"
  width="16"
  height="16"
  viewBox="0 0 16 16"
  xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"
  fill="currentColor"
  aria-hidden="true"
  data-test-icon="alert-circle"
>
  <use href="/@hashicorp/flight-icons/icons/sprite.svg#alert-circle-16"></use>
</svg>
```

Because the icons are hidden to assistive technology, they cannot be used on their own and must be used inside of an element with an accessible name. See the [Accessibility](/components/icon?tab=accessibility) section for more details on how to best use this component in different contexts.

### Size

The default size is 16px. To use the alternative 24px icon size, set the `@size` value:

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @size="24" />
```

### Color

The default value is `currentColor` which uses the inherited text color as the icon color. When setting a custom value, we recommend using one of the pre-defined variables to ensure consistency with our design language:

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="var(--token-color-foreground-success)" />
```

Other accepted values include named colors and color values themselves (e.g., hex, rgb, etc).

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="rebeccapurple" />
```

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="rgb(46, 113, 229)" />
```

### Stretched

To have the icon fill the parent container (width: 100%, height: 100%), set the `@stretched` attribute to true:

```handlebars
<div class="doc-icon-demo--constrain-max-width">

>     <Hds::Icon @name="zap" @size="24" @stretched={{true}} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Hds::Icon @name="zap" @size="24" @stretched={{true}} />
```

</div>
```

> ### isInline

Reviewer: thought: with very few exceptions (that would need to be rectified), we tend to use 'human-friendly' titles for our sections; what about 'Inline' or 'Block vs. Inline' or 'Block or Inline'

Reviewer: or we can even move this example within the 'Aligning icons' section; in the end it's about aligning and we refer to it in the section anyway

Reviewer 2: I would change this title to "Inline vs. block display" or something along those lines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Block vs. inline display
```

To change the default display from `block` to `inline-block`, set `@isInline` to true:

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="triangle" @isInline={{true}} />
<Hds::Icon @name="triangle-fill" @isInline={{true}} />
```

### Aligning icons

> Since the `Hds::Icon` component has a `block` display value by default (changeable using the `@isInline` argument), this means that the icon behaves like a block element. So, if you want to horizontally align it in relation to other sibling elements, you will have to use CSS to achieve the expected result.

Author: ```suggestion
Because the `Hds::Icon` component has a `block` display value by default (changeable using the `@isInline` argument), the icon behaves like a block element. So, if you want to horizontally align it in relation to other sibling elements, you will have to use CSS to achieve the expected result.
```

For example, to visually center an icon with a generic text node, you will need to use a parent `flex` container with `align-items: center`.

!!! Warning

**Avoid using `vertical-align: middle`**

Just setting `vertical-align: middle` in the parent container doesn’t necessarily achieve a vertical alignment.

This is because the [`middle` alignment](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/vertical-align#middle) is not calculated in relation to the whole text “block” but to its “x-height”. To learn more, read about [how `vertical-align` works in CSS](https://www.impressivewebs.com/css-vertical-align/).
!!!

### Animated icons

The [loading](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Aloading) and [running](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Arunning) icons are animated by default, meaning no additional properties are needed:

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="loading" @size="24" />
```

> If you need the non-animated version of these icons use the corresponding [loading-static](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Aloading-static) and [running-static](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Arunning-static):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need the non-animated version of these icons, use the corresponding [loading-static](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Aloading-static) and [running-static](/icons/library?searchQuery=icon%3Arunning-static):
```

The most basic invocation requires only the `@name` property to be passed with a value matching an existing name in [the Icon library](/icons/library).

```markup
<Hds::Icon @name="alert-circle" />
```

> It renders to this (where the `id` will be unique each time):

Reviewer 3: Plus, in the process review all the "rendered" code in the block, because it's not correct in different parts (eg. the `<use href="">` value)

The default value is `currentColor` which uses the inherited text color as the icon color. When setting a custom value, we recommend using one of the pre-defined variables to ensure consistency with our design language:

```handlebars

> <Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="var(--brand)" />

Reviewer 3: small improvement to existing snippet
```suggestion
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="var(--token-color-foreground-success)" />
```

```

Other accepted values include named colors and color values themselves (e.g., hex, rgb, etc).

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="rebeccapurple" />
```

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @color="rgb(46, 113, 229)" />
```

### Size

The default size is 16px. To use the alternative 24px icon size, set the `@size` value:

```handlebars
<Hds::Icon @name="zap" @size="24" />
```

> ### Stretched

Reviewer 3: In the paragraph below, there is a reference to `(width: 100%, height: 100%, display: block)`, we can remove the `display: block` from it.

> #### In Ember apps

Reviewer 3: Consider which part of this content ("Animated icons" section) needs to be moved as well to the "Getting started for Engineers > Icon" section, and what needs to be updated
